hey what's up guys
today I'll show you a supernatural thriller film: "The Empty Man"
spoiler ahead, watch out and take care
someday, Paul and his friends go hiking on a mountain in Bhutan
standing at the top of a mountain, they are amazed by the breath-taking scenery
Paul hears a strange voice that sounds like howling and some musical instrument performance
however, nobody can hear it except for Paul
Paul is curious, so he follows the voice but suddenly falls into a crevice
the rest are scared and want to rescue him
but it's remote, and they can't call in a rescue
so the male friend, Angry Mustahe, decides to go down with a rope to save Paul
when reaching the bottom, he finds Paul sitting on the ground in a catatonic state
in front of him, there is a strange huge skeleton that has eight arms and hands
it doesn't look like a human skeleton
before Angry Mustache can help him up, Paul whispers, "don't touch me or you will die"
Angry Mustache doesn't understand but still drags Paul out of the crevice
and walks down the mountain with the others
right then, a snowstorm hits, and the temperature drops massively halfway the journey
they come to an empty house later and have a break, sheltering from the storm
there is no injury on Paul's body, but he seems to have lost consciousness
Paul wakes up after three days
he whispers something into his girlfriend's ear in the early morning then leaves the house
hours later, others realize Paul is gone
people start to worry about him
it's dangerous for him to be alone outside in the snow
they follow his footsteps and find him sitting in the snow
blowing a bone flute that he found in the crevice
Angry Mustache is annoyed by his blowjob on such a god-damned snowy day
so Angry Mustache shouts at him in anger
but Paul shows no emotion and keeps blowing the flute
suddenly, Paul's girlfriend pulls out a dagger and kills Angry Mustache and his girlfriend
then throws herself off the cliff, leaving Paul blowing the flute alone in the snow
in 2018, James suffers from depression after his wife and son died in a car accident
and he has to live on pills to ease the pain
he quit his job in the police force
and works at a hardware store selling some cam gears and hormone sprays
his days are monotonous and lifeless, passing him by
one day, his neighbor's daughter Amanda has a chat with him
she has been depressed since she lost her father
she even tried to kill herself, but she has found a way to make peace
through meditation, positive thinking, her life has changed completely
she believes that people are capable of manifesting their thoughts into reality
James doesn't understand or believe what she is saying
the next morning, a call wakes James up
it is his neighbor
her daughter came home yesterday but went missing this morning
there is a message written in blood on the bathroom mirror
saying, "the Empty Man made me do it"
the neighbor thinks her daughter must have been kidnapped, so she calls the police
however, the police don't want to take that shit
but rather, they suppose Amanda is just a teenager blown away by her hormones
knowing that she can't count on the police
she reaches out to James, the former police officer
James was a parent and understands his neighbor's concern, so he agrees to help her
after the search, James finds a leaflet about the Pontifex Institute in Amanda's diary
on the back of the leaflet, the word "Tulpa" is written
James doesn't know what it means
thinking of what Amanda told him yesterday, James thinks she might have joined the institute
he asks his neighbor to list Amanda's close friends and starts the investigation from there
if she planned to run away from home, her friends must know something
James asks Amanda's closest friend if she knows where Amanda is and when she last saw her
the ladybro tells James the last they met was 3 three days ago
when they played a game "calling the Empty Man" with other friends
they were chatting and drinking on a bridge
Amanda told her that if they found an empty bottle on the bridge and blow into it
in the coming days, strange things would happen
on the first day, they would hear the Empty Man and couldn't stop thinking about him
on the second day, they would see him approaching
and on the third day, the empty man would find them and take them to another world
which means he would kill them and take their souls
right then, Amanda picked up a bottle and tempted them to blow into it
out of curiosity and unwilling to lose the blow game
all the kids took turns blowing into it
they thought it was a stupid story
but when they finished, a dark figure appeared on the bridge with a strange sound
every time when the girl recalls this, she finds it creepy
after that night, they all disappeared, just like Amanda
James thinks the Empty Man might be related to the cult Amanda mentioned before
he suspects they kidnap kids in the name of an evil god
James drives to the bridge where they played the game to see if he can find any clues
he finds the empty bottle and picks it up
he also wants to test how excellent his blowjob is and then blows into it
suddenly the world has gone quiet
he hears something is approaching
he turns around but sees nothing
before he leaves, he sees a manhole uncovered
he climbs down and finds the hanged bodies of the rest of Amanda's friends
besides them, there is the same message written in blood as found in Amanda' house
"the Empty Man made me do it"
when he reports it to the police, the whole town is shocked
later, the ladybro is found dead in her bathroom
it looks like she had delusions before she stabbed herself to death with a pair of scissors
she left exactly the same message written in blood on the floor
"the Empty Man made me do it"
the police begin to take this case seriously
James doesn't stop the investigation
he worries that something might happen to his neighbor
he finds the address of the Pontifex Institute and the meaning of "Tulpa" online
it is a cult that encourages people to sacrifice themselves
and enter a new world through meditation
that night, he wakes up in the middle of the night
he hears some footsteps in his house
he also sees somebody wandering outside the door
he opens the door, but nobody is there
the next day, James goes to the institute, hoping to find out Amanda's whereabouts
but he doesn't get any useful information from the receptionist
he briskly fills in the form the receptionist gave him then goes into the church
where the cult leader is giving a lecture about the cult and their god, the Empty Man
after the lecture, James asks the leader if he saw Amanda
the leader doesn't answer him directly
he invites James to walk around the institute
James sees a lot of bald believers sitting in meditation
later, he meets a believer who tells him that Amanda is still alive
but she is not here
she has been promoted because she has great potential
and she might have been taken to a camp in the woods
using the address the believer gives him
James finds the camp and some documents and preaching videos about this cult
it turns out for hundreds of years
the cult members have been helping the ancient evil spirit possess the human body
so that they can get asylum and blessings from him
just when James is leaving with the documents and videos, he hears some noises outside
James walks out of the house and sees a fire over the lake
he approaches cautiously and sees the cult performing a ritual
they spot him and pursue him
James runs back to the car and escapes at last
when James hands over the evidence to a police officer, he is disinterested
instead, he blames James for entering the cult's private realm
now James understands that he can only rely on himself
the police won't help him solve the case
James goes to his store and grabs some weapons
then he goes to his neighbor and tells her that Amanda has joined a cult
it's better that she leaves the house and stays somewhere safe for a few days
James slips into the cult's library
where he is astonished to find lots of information about himself
including his date of birth, work experience, a birthday coupon he used in a restaurant
and even prescriptions from the hospital
he also sees some nude photos of him, which he has no memory of at all
to get more clues, he follows a group of followers and observes them
he notes that they visit a patient in secret at the hospital each day
James guesses maybe they are visiting the leader
so he goes to the hospital with a gun, where he finds Amanda taking care of a sick man
James is so excited that he calls his neighbor immediately to tell her he has found Amanda
but much to his shock, the neighbor has no idea who Amanda and James are
Amanda tells James the man in the bed is Paul, who fell into the crevice years ago
the strange skeleton Paul saw in the crevice is the Empty Man
although he is long dead, he can still control weak-willed people
he possesses their bodies and communicates with his followers
in other words, Paul is now a human vessel for the Empty Man
however, Paul is weakening and dying
the follower needs to find a new vessel for the Empty Man
this time they make one according to the Empty Man's instruction
the person selected needs to have a hormone-strong and healthy body
and must be full of hatred towards the world
so that the Empty Man can possess him fully for long
it turns out James has exactly the hormone-strong body, the perfect replacement for Paul
but the problem is he has a steady mind
the Empty Man can't penetrate his mind and control him
so the followers fabricate fake memories and implant them into his mind
they make James believe that his wife and son died in a car accident
to make him feel guilty and suffer more depression
they also make him believe that he was having an affair with his neighbor
when the accident happened
right now, James is full of false memories, and he can't tell what is real and what is not
that also explains why he can't remember when he took the nude pictures
and why the cult has all of his information
due to all those strikes, James almost loses himself and collapses mentally
he tries hard to struggle against the demon but to no avail
the Empty Man takes the chance to enter his body through the mouth and possesses him finally
shortly after, James shows his stolid face and shoots Paul
the followers all bow to James, who is now the new Empty Man
this's Daniel CC movie channel, peace out